Update regional-authorities.md (#7078)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-node/docs/regional-authorities.md

# Enabling regional authorities

> > NOTE: This legacy feature is only available for internal Microsoft services and the client credential flow. It is recommended to use [Managed Identity](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-node/docs/managed-identity.md) instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: This legacy feature is only available for internal Microsoft services and the client credential flow. It is recommended to use [Managed Identity](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-node/docs/managed-identity.md) instead.
```

    });
```

> > NOTE: If you provide the value `"TryAutoDetect"` in the `azureRegion` field, the msal library which will try to discover the region the application has been deployed to and use that region. This is un-reliable and should be avoided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: If you provide the value `"TryAutoDetect"` in the `azureRegion` field, the msal library which will try to discover the region the application has been deployed to and use that region. This is unreliable and should be avoided.
```
